February 6,2023
To 
Consulate General of Switzerland
1349 W Peachtree Street NW
Suite 1000
Atlanta, GA 30309
United States of America

Subject: Approval of my Schengen Tourist Visa with Swiss Consulate – Rohini Patil

Dear Sir or Madam, 
Please accept my application for a Schengen visa to cover my planned trip to Belgium, France, Netherland and Switzerland from April 5th to April 17th, 2023. I am applying through your honorable consulate because I will be spending more time in Switzerland During my trip and Switzerland will be my Exit Point.
My Husband, Son (US Citizen), Daughter (US Citizen) and I will be travelling together. Tourism is the Main purpose of our visit to see the sights and explore the cultures of Belgium, Netherland, France and Switzerland.
      I am employed at the Wells Fargo bank where I have the position of Senior software engineer and I have an annual salary of 107,000 USD. My employer has given me a No Objection Certificate for my trip and My leaves are Approved which you will find enclosed. I will be joining Back my work on 18th April 2023.
     Me and My Husband intend to finance our own trip, and we have also enclosed proof we have the necessary financial means to cover our stay.
Our itinerary will be as follows:
Date	Activity	Accommodation
April 6th ,2023	Arrival at Brussel, Belgium Airport
Take some Rest and Explore Brussel Grand Place, Royal Palace of Brussels and Mont Des Arts ,Eat authentic Belgian food.	hotel ibis Wavre Brussels East
April 7th ,2023	Visit Ghent and Bruges , Walk through both cities and see some of their most famous landmarks including Saint-Bavo’s Cathedral of Ghent, Bruges' Old Town, and the Lake of Love.	hotel ibis Wavre Brussels East
April 8th ,2023	Checkout from Brussel Hotel and Travel to Amsterdam, Netherland.
Visit Van Gogh Museum, Ann Frank Museum and Dam Square in Amsterdam 	hotel ibis Styles Haarlem City
April 9th , 2023	Visit Tulip Festival and spend Time in Beautiful Tulip Garden	hotel ibis Styles Haarlem City
April 10th , 2023	Visit Zaanse Schans, Cheese Market Edam and Volendam Haven . Return to Amsterdam and stay in hotel 	hotel ibis Styles Haarlem City
April 11th, 2023	Train from Amsterdam to Paris 
Visit Paris Eiffel Tower and Seine River	Sure Hotel by Best Western Paris Gare du Nord
April 12th, 2023	Visit Louvre Museum, Arc de Triomphe and Explore Paris City 	Sure Hotel by Best Western Paris Gare du Nord
April 13th, 2023	Checkout from Paris Hotel and Take Early morning train to Zurich.
Visit the Rhine falls and old town. 	Holiday Inn Express - Luzern - Kriens, an IHG Hotel
April 14th, 2023	Visit and Explore Lucerne (Mount Rigi, Walk Chapel Bridge, Lake Lucerne, Old town Lucerne)
Return to hotel in evening	Holiday Inn Express - Luzern - Kriens, an IHG Hotel
April 15th, 2023	Visit and explore Interlaken (Lake Thun, Lake Brienz) and Bern 
Return to hotel in evening	Holiday Inn Express - Luzern - Kriens, an IHG Hotel
April 16th, 2023	Visit and Explore Lake Geneva 
Return to hotel in evening 	Holiday Inn Express - Luzern - Kriens, an IHG Hotel
April 17th, 2023	Checkout Early from Hotel and Explore Zurich.
Afternoon Flight from Zurich to United states	


In support of my visa application, attached herewith are the following documents.
1.	Accomplished application form for Schengen visa
2.	Photos as per Visa Specification
3.	Original Passport and copy of Passport.  
4.	Round trip Flight confirmation
5.	Proof of Accommodation
6.	Train Tickets
7.	Detailed Itinerary
8.	Schengen Visa Travel Health Insurance 
9.	No Objection Certificate from my employer
10.	My Bank Statements from the last six months
11.	Proof of Employment 
12.	Proof of income (Salary slips and W2)
13.	Proof of identity and Marital status (Marriage certificate)

I trust that you will find everything in order, If you need to contact me for further Clarification or additional details /Documents on my application, Please find my details below.
Thank you very much for your time! I hope for and look forward to a favorable response to my visa application.

Sincerely yours,
Rohini Patil
+1 704 502 2766
